[IMP] surveys: improves Surveys doc (#928)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/survey/survey_essentials.rst

-------

In this section, you decide how you want the survey to be scored. You can choose from the following:

* *No scoring*
* *Scoring with answers at the end*
* *Scoring without answers at the end*

If you select either *Scoring with answers at the end* or *Scoring without answers at the end*,
two more fields appear. In which, you decide what the "Success %" is, and you can choose to make
this a certification.

If you check the box next to "Is a certification," three more additional fields appear. You can
pick an email template, certification template, and choose to give participants a badge for
successfully completing the survey.

And, if you check the box next to "Give Badge," you are able to select which Certification Badge
you want to give to your participants.

.. image:: survey_essentials/survey-scoring-section.png
   :align: center
   :alt: scoring section of survey settings

.. seealso::
    - :doc:`scoring`

Candidates
----------

In this section, you can decide who can access this survey.

The "Access Mode" allows you to choose between *Anyone with the link* and *Invited people only*.
You can also decide if you want to grant access to *Appraisal Managers Only*.

> You are also able to decide if you want to require a login to participate in this survey here, as
> well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also require participants to log in to access the survey.
```
Try to shorten some sentences, especially when you just are describing what's on the screen and not giving further information.

> If you check the box next to "Attempts Limit," a new field appears, in which you will enter in
> how many attempts you are willing to give to your participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can limit the number of login attempts by ticking *Attempts Limit* and entering a number.
```
This could be shortened as well.

.. image:: survey_essentials/candidates-section.png
   :align: center
   :alt: candidates section of survey settings

Live Session
------------

This section is dedicated to users who are conducting Live Session surveys, wherein they directly
engage with an audience at the same time - much like a live event.

> Here, you can choose to reward participants for quick answers, as well as customize the specific

Reviewer: I would specify that rewarding participants for quick answers give them more points. If possible, I would go further and give an example of how this translate in reality.

"Session Code" that participants would need in order to access the Live Session survey.

> .. image:: survey_essentials/live-session-setting.png

Reviewer: Remove the red box.

   :align: center
   :alt: live session section of survey features

Test & share
============

Once your survey is saved and ready, you can test it to check for possible errors before sending it
out to your participants.

Simply click *Test* in the upper left corner of the survey template page.

.. image:: survey_essentials/test-survey-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: test smart button on survey template form

When clicked, Odoo takes you to survey on the front-end of the website, and shows you how the
survey looks to participants. You can then proceed to run through the survey, like a normal

> participant, to check for any errors.
> 
> Along the top of the page, there's a blue banner, signifying that this is a test survey. To return
> to the survey template form on the backend, click that link in the blue banner.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/blue-banner-test.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: blue banner on test survey with link
> 
> Once there, you can make any additional changes or modifications that you'd like, before sending it
> out to potential participants.
> 
> Then, when you're satisfied with how the survey looks, you can click *Start Survey* in the
> upper-left corner.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/start-survey-button.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: start survey smart button on survey template form
> 
> When clicked, the status of the survey moves from *Draft* to *In Progress*, and more buttons appear.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/survey-status-bar.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: survey status bar from draft to in progress
> 
> * *Share* - email potential participants a link and invitation to the survey
> * *See Results* - provides a visual representation of all the answers so far
> * *Create Live Session* - starts a Live Session, and provides a specific URL for participants
> * *Test* - test out the survey to check for errors
> * *Print* - print out the survey
> * *Close* - officially close the survey to participants
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/new-survey-button-options.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: new buttons present on survey template form
> 
> Also, as answers get collected, you can check them by clicking the *Answers* smart button on the
> survey template form.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/survey-answers-button.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: answers smart button on survey template
> 
> You can also access the detailed answers by going to
> :menuselection:`Participations --> Participations`, as well.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/participations.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: the participations drop-down menu with participations
> 
> Once there, simply open up the survey you wish to examine, and click on any answer form to gain
> more information.
> 
> .. image:: survey_essentials/survey-participations-page.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: survey drop-down open on participations page
> 
> .. seealso::
>     - :doc:`scoring`
>     - :doc:`time_random`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is too basic overall unless you want to go deeper into one of the topics you present here. To remove as it is.
